---
# Copyright (c) 2025 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "objectscale_iam_policy data source"
linkTitle: "objectscale_iam_policy"
page_title: "objectscale_iam_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-objectscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ObjectScale supports access by multiple tenants, where each tenant is defined by a iam_policy.
---

# objectscale_iam_policy (Data Source)

ObjectScale supports access by multiple tenants, where each tenant is defined by a iam_policy.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) Name of the namespace from where the IAM.

### Optional

- `arn` (String) ARN of the IAM Policy to be fetched.
- `group` (String) Name of the group whose attached policies are to be fetched.
- `role` (String) Name of the role whose attached policies are to be fetched.
- `user` (String) Name of the user whose attached policies are to be fetched.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `policies` (Attributes List) List of IAM Policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) The resource name of the policy.
- `attachment_count` (Number) The number of entities (users, groups, and roles) that the policy is attached to.
- `create_date` (String) The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format, when the policy was created.
- `default_version_id` (String) The identifier for the version of the policy that is set as the default version.
- `description` (String) A friendly description of the policy.
- `is_attachable` (Boolean) Specifies whether the policy can be attached to user, group, or role.
- `path` (String) The path to the policy
- `permissions_boundary_usage_count` (Number) Resource name of the policy that is used to set permissions boundary for the policy.
- `policy_id` (String) The stable and unique string identifying the policy.
- `policy_name` (String) The friendly name of the policy.
- `update_date` (String) The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format, when the policy was created.
