---
# Copyright (c) 2025 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "objectscale_namespace data source"
linkTitle: "objectscale_namespace"
page_title: "objectscale_namespace Data Source - terraform-provider-objectscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ObjectScale supports access by multiple tenants, where each tenant is defined by a namespace.
---

# objectscale_namespace (Data Source)

ObjectScale supports access by multiple tenants, where each tenant is defined by a namespace.

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2025 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

data "objectscale_namespace" "all" {
}

output "objectscale_namespace_all" {
  value = data.objectscale_namespace.all
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name or name prefix (ending with a '*') of namespace(s) to be fetched.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `namespaces` (Attributes List) List of Namespaces (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespaces))

<a id="nestedatt--namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespaces`

Required:

- `default_data_services_vpool` (String) Default replication group identifier for this tenant when creating buckets.

Read-Only:

- `allowed_vpools_list` (List of String) List of replication group that are allowed access to namespace.
- `block_size` (Number) Block Size in GB.
- `block_size_in_count` (Number) Block Size in Count.
- `creation_time` (Number) Timestamp that shows when this resource was created in ObjectScale.
- `default_audit_delete_expiration` (Number) Default bucket audit delete expiration.
- `default_bucket_block_size` (Number) Default bucket quota size.
- `disallowed_vpools_list` (List of String) List of replication group that are not allowed access to namespace.
- `external_group_admins` (String) List of groups from AD Server.
- `global` (Boolean) Indicates whether the resource is global.
- `id` (String) Identifier that is generated by ObjectScale when the resource is created. The resource Id is guaranteed to be unique and immutable across all virtual data centers for all time.
- `inactive` (Boolean) Indicates whether the resource is inactive. When a user removes a resource, the resource is put in this state before it is removed from the ObjectScale database.
- `internal` (Boolean) Indicated whether the resource is an internal resource.
- `is_compliance_enabled` (Boolean) Namespace isComplianceEnabled flag.
- `is_encryption_enabled` (Boolean) Encryption status of the namesapce.
- `is_object_lock_with_ado_allowed` (Boolean) Defines the default behavior for allowing Object Lock with ADO on new buckets created in the namespace.
- `is_stale_allowed` (Boolean) Namespace isStaleAllowed flag.
- `link` (Attributes) Hyperlink to the details for this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespaces--link))
- `name` (String) Name assigned to this resource in ObjectScale. The resource name is set by a user and can be changed at any time. It is not a unique identifier.
- `namespace_admins` (String) Comma separated list of namespace admins.
- `notification_size` (Number) Notification Size in GB.
- `notification_size_in_count` (Number) Notification Size in Count.
- `remote` (Boolean) Indicates whether the resource is remote.
- `retention_classes` (Attributes) RetentionClasses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespaces--retention_classes))
- `root_user_name` (String) root user name.
- `user_mapping` (Attributes List) User Mapping. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespaces--user_mapping))

<a id="nestedatt--namespaces--link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespaces.link`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) Href.
- `rel` (String) Rel.


<a id="nestedatt--namespaces--retention_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespaces.retention_classes`

Read-Only:

- `retention_class` (Attributes List) Retention Class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespaces--retention_classes--retention_class))

<a id="nestedatt--namespaces--retention_classes--retention_class"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespaces.retention_classes.retention_class`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the retention class.
- `period` (Number) Period of the retention class in seconds.



<a id="nestedatt--namespaces--user_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespaces.user_mapping`

Read-Only:

- `attributes` (Attributes List) Attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespaces--user_mapping--attributes))
- `domain` (String) A single-valued attribute indicating the user's IDP domain
- `groups` (List of String) Groups.

<a id="nestedatt--namespaces--user_mapping--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespaces.user_mapping.attributes`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Lookup string for this key-value pair
- `value` (List of String) Lookup result for this key-value pair.
