---
# Copyright (c) 2025 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "objectscale_object_users data source"
linkTitle: "objectscale_object_users"
page_title: "objectscale_object_users Data Source - terraform-provider-objectscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch list of Object users.
---

# objectscale_object_users (Data Source)

Fetch list of Object users.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Filter object users by username.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace containing object users.
- `tag` (String) Filter object users by tag. 'tag' and 'value' are required together.
- `value` (String) Filter object users by tag value. 'tag' and 'value' are required together.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Internal ID for this data source.
- `users` (Attributes List) List of object users matching the filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) Timestamp of the creation of the object user.
- `id` (String) ID of the user.
- `locked` (Boolean) Lock status of the object user.
- `name` (String) Name of the user.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace to which the user belongs to.
- `secret_keys` (Attributes) List of secret keys for the object user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--secret_keys))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags associated to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--users--secret_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.secret_keys`

Read-Only:

- `key_expiry_timestamp_1` (String) Timestamp when the first secret key expires.
- `key_expiry_timestamp_2` (String) Timestamp when the second secret key expires.
- `key_timestamp_1` (String) Timestamp when the first secret key was created.
- `key_timestamp_2` (String) Timestamp when the second secret key was created.
- `secret_key_1` (String) First secret key for the object user.
- `secret_key_1_exist` (Boolean) If the first secret key exists.
- `secret_key_1_id` (String) ID of the first secret key.
- `secret_key_2` (String) Second secret key for the object user.
- `secret_key_2_exist` (Boolean) If the second secret key exists.
- `secret_key_2_id` (String) ID of the second secret key.


<a id="nestedatt--users--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Key of the tag associated to the user.
- `value` (String) Value of the tag associated to the user.
