---
# Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "objectscale_namespace resource"
linkTitle: "objectscale_namespace"
page_title: "objectscale_namespace Resource - terraform-provider-objectscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ECS supports access by multiple tenants, where each tenant is defined by a namespace.
---

# objectscale_namespace (Resource)

ECS supports access by multiple tenants, where each tenant is defined by a namespace.




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_data_services_vpool` (String) Default replication group identifier for this tenant when creating buckets. Required. Updatable.
- `name` (String) Name assigned to this resource in ECS. The resource name is set by a user and can be changed at any time. It is not a unique identifier. Required.

### Optional

- `block_size` (Number) Block Size in GB. Default: -1. Updatable.
- `block_size_in_count` (Number) Block Size in Count. Default: -1. Updatable.
- `default_audit_delete_expiration` (Number) Default bucket audit delete expiration. Updatable.
- `default_bucket_block_size` (Number) Default bucket quota size. Default: -1. Updatable.
- `external_group_admins` (String) List of groups from AD Server. Default: ''. Updatable.
- `is_compliance_enabled` (Boolean) Namespace isComplianceEnabled flag. Default: false.
- `is_encryption_enabled` (Boolean) Encryption status of the namesapce. Default: false.
- `is_object_lock_with_ado_allowed` (Boolean) Defines the default behavior for allowing Object Lock with ADO on new buckets created in the namespace. Default: false. Updatable.
- `is_stale_allowed` (Boolean) Namespace isStaleAllowed flag. Default: false. Updatable..
- `namespace_admins` (String) Comma separated list of namespace admins. Default: ''. Updatable.
- `notification_size` (Number) Notification Size in GB. Default: -1. Updatable.
- `notification_size_in_count` (Number) Notification Size in Count. Default: -1. Updatable.
- `retention_classes` (Attributes) RetentionClasses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention_classes))
- `user_mapping` (Attributes List) User Mapping. Default: []. Updatable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_mapping))

### Read-Only

- `allowed_vpools_list` (List of String) List of replication group that are allowed access to namespace.
- `creation_time` (Number) Timestamp that shows when this resource was created in ECS.
- `disallowed_vpools_list` (List of String) List of replication group that are not allowed access to namespace.
- `global` (Boolean) Indicates whether the resource is global.
- `id` (String) Identifier that is generated by ECS when the resource is created. The resource Id is guaranteed to be unique and immutable across all virtual data centers for all time.
- `inactive` (Boolean) Indicates whether the resource is inactive. When a user removes a resource, the resource is put in this state before it is removed from the ECS database.
- `internal` (Boolean) Indicated whether the resource is an internal resource.
- `link` (Attributes) Hyperlink to the details for this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--link))
- `remote` (Boolean) Indicates whether the resource is remote.
- `root_user_name` (String) root user name.
- `root_user_password` (String) root user password.

<a id="nestedatt--retention_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention_classes`

Required:

- `retention_class` (Attributes List) Retention Class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention_classes--retention_class))

<a id="nestedatt--retention_classes--retention_class"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention_classes.retention_class`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the retention class.
- `period` (Number) Period of the retention class in seconds.



<a id="nestedatt--user_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_mapping`

Optional:

- `attributes` (Attributes List) Attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_mapping--attributes))
- `domain` (String) A single-valued attribute indicating the user's IDP domain
- `groups` (List of String) Groups.

<a id="nestedatt--user_mapping--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_mapping.attributes`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Lookup string for this key-value pair
- `value` (List of String) Lookup result for this key-value pair.



<a id="nestedatt--link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `link`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) Href.
- `rel` (String) Rel.


